[Music]
hi guys how are you today my name is
Terra and peachy run is peachy if you
are new around here today is a highly
requested video talking about my switch
from Canon cameras to Sony I do
everything from vlogging to documentary
series to cattle videos here on YouTube
talking about Chuck and travel so I have
a wide variety of things I do and
different cameras that do different jobs
just for comparison here is my cannon
setup that I used for a solid two years
and then probably eight or nine months
ago I switched to all sewing so now here
is my full-on sony seven I know there
are still so many Canon users out there
so you're probably asking why why did
you switch to Sony well there are a ton
of reasons because I am video focus I
love photography I love taking pictures
and honestly that's one of the reasons
why I bought a sony a7s two and a seven
are two because the a seminar has just
all of the pixels all the tix hopes for
the amazing amazing pictures I think
when you're shooting like uncompressed
raw images on your a 7 or 2,000 feet up
switch 80 megabytes so you have those
unnecessarily huge big pixel pictures
via a sudden are if you want them but I
am a video person my thing that I do in
life is the youtubes and so video comes
first and foremost so what's canon
really stop innovating in terms of 4k in
their cameras or having high frame rate
options I jump the ship
I had a can sub TV for a while and the
autofocus is slammin it's amazing and
also having the slip out screen to see
yourself when you're filming expecially
if you are into vlogs or just filming
yourself in general it's very key but
those are some two things that I had to
leave behind so I could experience what
Sony life was and all the good things
that came along with that so why did I
switch to Sony so here are a few a few
reasons three features that are a
must-have for what I do is Forte low
light and then high frame rates I don't
shoot a lot of stuff in 4k but it is
very nice to know that I have that
because all of my other cameras shoot in
4k first I switched to the arts 100
which is Sony point-and-shoot that was
already shooting 4k so when I was
shooting with my 70d I did
have that option when my point and shoot
is 4k and also my drum can do 4k having
a main body camera that doesn't do for
take servant doesn't make that much
sense low light was a big big deal for
me the sony a7s and a cigar go up to
insane isis I was just using my rx 100
at South by Southwest and of course
there were a ton of parties and things I
brought my art 100 and it was at night
there weren't a lot of lights going on
but it's still performed so so well I
just flow motion so so much and it can
add a very nice element to your videos
and when the 70d didn't even shoot 1080
at 60 frames per second that's kind of
that one point one of the final nails in
the coffin for me on the arch 100 you
can use up to get this get this 960
frames per second of course it gets
acquitted once you go up to that but you
can choose 1080 at 120 frames per second
and it's buttery smooth it's super sharp
and then in the high frame rates you can
shoot 240 480 and 960 so it's like it's
like what so you just kind of drop the
mic on that another reason is just the
size the 800s is a 7 arms are mirrorless
cameras which means they have smaller
bodies the 70d and all the other tenant
SLRs they are a DSLR so they're going to
have bigger bodies I do a ton of travel
and also I am like a one-man band a
one-woman bin so I go out and shoot
these big projects I have a lot of gear
on me so the lighter it is and the
smaller and compact it is no better in
terms of size one mistake that I made in
the beginning was I was so so attached
to canon glass that that one thing that
canon has always done so well is their
lenses their lenses are so beautiful
they they're stunning and so I use my
Canon lenses on my Sony bodies for a
while with the adapters but I ran into a
lot of issues with slightly and also if
okay worrying about the adapters that
may thing from hoagie and also Canon
lenses were heavier and bigger
I still think Canon has much nicer glass
I think I'm kind of like a known fact
just because they've been in that game
for so long so sony has some incredible
options I love 16 to 35 that's where I'm
shooting on right now on my sony a7s but
I love the Sony 7200 as well as my 35
millimeter wave exit the idea of Canon
having nicer glass something that Canon
has always crushed is kind of coloring
and skin tones it has always looked so
good when you pair it with a Canon glass
and a Canon body camera that's something
that I don't know just the colors that
you get from those cameras are amazing
but something that Sony has on then is
sony has seven different pictures for a
flat picture profile that you can choose
from as long as customizable like log
profiles and then you also have creative
styles that are less options but just
simpler neutral profiles saturated
profiles all these different things you
can customize within the camera and so
you have so much versatility when going
into post if you want to color great and
kind of get the look that you are going
for
however if that's not really your jam
post-production it's not something you
care for anyone just like a straight out
of camera beautiful image I still think
Canon still so has that one other thing
that I think cannon is still crushing at
is the autofocus whenever you're holding
a camera towards you at the 70d or the
ADB the autofocus when is tracking a
face or an object is very very good
however something that people get
tripped up on when using auto focus with
the Sony camera is you have to have face
detection turned on without it it
struggles to focus and also forget about
trying to autofocus on things if you are
using a third-party glass on a Sony body
with a adapter is what that autofocus
life you're going to have to choose a
sony or zeiss
glass that is something that I took into
account when I decided to sell all of my
Canon glass it still makes a guy sad
because it was so nice but it was kind
of a must for me because I wanted to use
that autofocus so last but certainly not
least thing about Sony cameras that I
really dig is the EVF viewfinder EBS
stands for electronic viewfinder so
instead of a optical viewfinder in Canon
cameras that basically means you see
what is exactly bouncing off of the
mirror in the Canon camera so if it is
dark in a room you are going to see that
dark room however AEDs shows you what
your camera image is going to turn out
to be so if you're in a dark room but
you have the s soft wide open you have
the ISO pumped up and so the image is
going to turn out to be a bright image
you are going to see that bright image
in your viewfinder when you're taking
the picture it also allows you to lifted
that do finer when you're taking video
outside you're taking video outside you
constantly get glares on your screen
which makes it hard to tell what you're
shooting but the EDF takes care of that
I don't have helped if you were on the
fence on what camera to buy or what
company to go to I am in no way getting
paid by Sony to save you things at all
but just go here I am a part of a group
called the Sony I'll call it collective
group it's basically like a squad of
instagramers and filmmakers that use
Sony products and we like poster their
instagrams and stuff but I don't get
paid monthly by them or Matt getting
paid for this video so just full
disclosure these are fully my opinions
that have been formed over the past like
nine months ever since I became a part
of that Sony fan because I have been
enjoying it no major complaints although
it would be cool to have like a flip out
screen on the a7 s and a seven are
cameras let me know if you liked this
video and hit that subscribe button down
below if you have not subscribed yet I
do a lot of tech stuff like this but
then I also do travel and vlogs and
documentary type creative cool content
again I've shown you around here I want
you to
part of the P chief and so it does
subscribe button you can watch a
previous vlog I have been in the
California's recently and I got a lot of
fun adventures coming up everything I
talked about in today's video all of the
gear all the things will be in the
description down below and you can click
on those links and see what I am talking
about I have been having a blast in
California this past week so you can
check out one of those vlogs when Tom
next time guys stay peachy
okay bye does my nice looking off the
audience know
[Music]
you